>> Scott Moss: What's up everybody,
I'm Scott, the CEO and
co-founder of TIPE,
which is spelled T-I-P-E.IO.
The guy at Apple tried to spell it with
a y yesterday, but it's with an i.
And we use serverless
lambda specifically for
a lot of our infrastructure together
with GraphQL, separate from GraphQL for
all different types of things related
to APIs, non-related to APIs.
Doing things on the edge for
CDN, computing on the edge.
So we use it pretty extensively,
and it's just getting better and
it's constantly growing.
And it's just something I always
wanted to teach and talk about,
because I feel like there's this
high barrier entry into it,
because you need to know a lot
about AWS or platforms in general.
But really with tools like
we'll be discussing today,
you can get into it really easily.
And you don't have to be
some DevOps person, or
some backend all star to
understand how to use lambdas.
In fact, anybody can use them.
So that's what we're
gonna be teaching today.
So let's just hop right into it.
Did everyone get a chance
to pull down this repo,
FrontEnd Masters Service with AWS Lambda?
It's not a huge repo.
And the reason this repo isn't so huge is
because the thing about serverless and
lambdas in general is that,
when you get down to the code level,
at the end of the day, it's just code.
If you've ever written anything
server-side or any tooling, it's the same,
whether it's Python,
Node, or what have you.
But the distinguished difference
between serverless and
a server is how it interacts with
the platform you're on, in this case AWS.
And then how we interact with the
framework that's gonna be pretty much like
orchestrating our Lambda functions
which is called the service framework.
So a lot of the stuff you'll be doing
yourself, but the actual code is more or
less the same code you
would've written on a server.
There's definitely some differences,
and we'll discuss those differences.
But at the end of the day, it's just code.
So we're gonna be focused on how
all that comes together, and not so
much on creating some amazing
function that does something amazing.
Cuz we'll just be stuck here
all day trying to debug AWS.
Cool, everybody with me?
Does everybody have AWS account?
If you don't you can set one up,
the instructions are here.
The free tier which will give you plenty
of room to follow this curriculum, and for
the next year to do whatever you want.
But if you didn't get to set one up,
that's totally fine.
You can still follow a long
with the curriculum.
The only part you won’t be able to
actually get in on is when we deploy.
Everything else you can do.
You can run everything locally,
everything is gonna work on your machine.
You don’t even need to touch AWS.
Definitely look at what I’m doing when I
get into AWS and how to move around and
do things, but
you don’t need it to follow along.
You just won’t be able to set deploy.